comic-con international 2013 is coming
up and here's the highlights of the
coolest thing to do in see Friday in
Hall H Universal Pictures presents an
all-star panel featuring talent from two
of its highly anticipated summer films
in attendance will be stars and
filmmakers from the action comedy
kick-ass 2 also in attendance will be
Riddick's Vin Diesel Game of Thrones the
game of thrones panel will be one of the
biggest panels of comic con game of
thrones concluded 10 episode third
season in June and will begin filming
its fourth season in this summer many of
the cast members will be in attendance
including Peter Dinklage Emilia Clarke
and Richard Madden Sony Pictures
upcoming films Sony will be presenting
promotions for Robocop in the amazing
spider-man 2 Robocop Samuel Jackson
along with director josé padilha will
attend the panels for spider-man 2 marc
webb and andrew garfield will fill us in
on the new adventures are a favorite web
slinging superhero in other parts of the
convention steampunk 101 experts in the
steampunk world will discuss the
popularity of steampunk as a fashion
trend literary genre and lifestyle
marvel's agents of shield on ABC
Marvel's had a television jeph loeb and
Joss Whedon director of The Avengers
will reveal top secret new information
about the live-action television series
Star Wars origami origami master folder
Chris Alexander demonstrates and teaches
the master folding techniques to make
Star Wars origami figures spotlight on
bruce timm comic-con special guest bruce
timm is a legend in the world of
animation tim will talk about his career
including the award-winning batman the
animated series axe cop joined the
creators of the Dark Horse comic series
axe cop and surprise guests to celebrate
the premiere of the new axe cop TV
series which will soon premiere on Foss
and those are the highlights for comic
con 2013 Friday
you